Hello my friends and welcome to the final section of part 3 classification where we're going to answer
together a very important question.
You know one of the most frequently asked question in the data science community which is which classification
model should I select you know should I choose for my data set.
And the goal of this tutorial because we'll try to make it and want to trial is to show you how with
any dataset you know regardless of the number of features you have any data set.
Well I will show you how to select quickly and efficiently the best classification model.
All right.
So that's why here we are back into our mission earning it is that moral selection for the arena which
is a separate folder compared to the whole machinery is at fault with all the codes and data set.
And I gave you the link to this folder right before this tutorial in the article.
So make sure not to miss it and mostly make sure to click that link and also download that folder by
clicking the zip folder given at the bottom of the same oracle.
All right.
And so now after downloading the zip folder and clicking the link to this Google Drive folder we should
all be on the same page to figure out how we're going to select the best classification model.
All right.
So here we are in the classification folder of our moral selection.
Big folder.
And as you can recognize in this form that we have all the classification models that we implemented
together all along this part 3 you have all of them.
However I slightly modified them but the only thing I did you know with respect to what we did before
is that I removed all the prints you know to alleviate or lighten the implementation so that we can
see more clearly.
And also of course you know at the end I removed the two cells where we visualize the train set and
test results.
Right.
Because remember this visualizations only work when you have two features.
And here as you can see I took a classic dataset with many features you can see all of them here.
So these are all the features.
And this is the deep and variable but you can see this data set as a generic dataset containing many
features always numerical values right.
We won't do any kind of specific data repressing and indeed a binary dependent variable taking values
2 or 4.
All right.
So since we have the data set in front of us well let me explain what this is about.
Even if you know it doesn't really matter because the goal of this tutorial is just to explain how to
deploy it efficiently.
All your classification models and quickly figure out what is the best one on any dataset regardless
of the number of features.
But let me still explain what this is about.
So this is a classic dataset which belongs to the UCI machinery repository and which is about breast
cancer.
So in this dataset each row corresponds to a patient you know different patients here and for each of
these patients we gathered.
Well first a sample code number.
The clump thickness the uniformity of cell size the uniformity of cell shape the marginal addition the
single epithelial cell the Bernoulli the bland cremating the normal nuclear free and the Meters us.
OK.
And all these variables are the feature as you know from sample code number even if that's not really
a feature up to mitosis and with all these features we are predicting the class which deals for each
patient if the tumour is benign in which case class takes the value of two or malignant in which case
class takes a value of four.
All right.
So that's what the data set is about.
You can find this on the UCI email repertory by the name breast cancer and you can take the original
version but really don't worry about all these features because you know most of us don't understand
what they mean you know we're not doctors here but we are data scientists and even if we don't understand
the domain knowledge here of oncology you know cancer medicine well that's still fine because we can
still build classification models to understand the correlations between all these features here and
the dependent variable class which want to predict telling if the tumor of each of these patients is
benign or malignant.
All right.
And so we're going to use this data set to deploy all our classification models in a flashlight you
know in a matter of seconds.
And after just a few clicks we will be able to figure out what is the best classification model for
this dataset.
All right great.
So let's do this.
Let's close this.
And now now what we're going to do in order to start a demo is because you know this is a Google Drive
folder to which all of you have access and therefore you can't modify it obviously.
And so what you have to do in order to modify these cells you know because we will have to enter the
name of the dataset because these are all code templates in order to modify these cells you need to
create a copy.
So that's the first thing we'll do here.
Let's do this quickly.
You know you just need to right click and then make a copy for each of them.
All right then Colonel SVM make a copy logistic regression.
So this is pretty far.
Sorry about that but at least it only takes a few seconds and then you get all your copies in case you
know you want to modify them.
But I recommend to all right then your copies would go naturally to your main drive or you know in the
Q lab notebooks folder here they just went into my drive.
So all good.
Now we're going to open them also starting with the last one random forest.
All right then we're going to open decision tree classification open.
All right you can open it with Jupiter Nobuko so if you want.
Right then we're going to open knife bays.
All right then we're going to open kernel as VM perfect.
Then we're going to open as V.
And where is it.
Right here support vector machine open then we're gonna open the Kenya es neighbors.
All right.
And finally we're going to open logistic regression.
I went from the last to the first because as you can see this is the way.
Now we have all the files in the correct order.
All right great.
So now they're all copies.
Therefore we can modify them.
Let me just show you once again how I modified the original classification codes we made before to these
new ones in a more simplified ones which will get you the accuracy quickly and efficiently so the data
processing phase I kept exactly the same including you know the feature scaling applied to extra in
the next test.
But here I put a template name and I highlighted that you have to enter the name of your data set here.
So that's what we'll do.
I'll show you.
But that's the only thing that was changed.
Indeed we don't have to do much else because this will automatically select all the features and not
your dependent variable.
And this will automatically select your dependent variable.
And that provided of course you have in your dataset first.
The feature is you know in the first columns and last.
The dependent variable in the last column.
Right.
Make sure of this.
What we're gonna do now works for any data sets regardless of the number of features.
As long as they have the features in the first columns and that have been viable in the last column.
Make sure to remember this.
All right.
And then all good here if you want you can change that from open 25 to open too.
That's fine.
Both values work well and feature scaling.
All right then for each of the classification model I kept you know the code to implement and train
it.
And finally what I did in the last sales is simply I removed you know the prints that displayed the
vector of predictions and the vector of real results next to each other because you know we don't really
need it for our model selection process.
However what I did is that I kept this of course but in order to compute the commission matrix and the
accuracy I had to create that y print vector containing all the predictions like calling to predict
method apply to X test from our classifier and that's all I did.
And I did the same in all the different files right.
Kenya is neighbors data repricing phase training and confusion matrix.
Same support vector machine data repressing training and confusion matrix then kernel as VM same data
repricing phase training and confusion matrix namespace data repricing phase training and confusion
matrix and decision tree classification data repricing phase training confusion matrix and finally random
forest data repricing phase training and confusion matrix C.
So you have the exact same code templates for each of the classification models we've built together.
The only thing that changed is actually this cell because this cell actually builds and train the classification
Well you want to try through this model selection process.
All right.
Perfect.
So now we're getting very close to the demo.
And so just to recap this demo works for any data set regardless of the number of features.
And as long as you have your features in the first columns and your dependent variable in the last column
and also as long as you don't have some special data repricing tools to use on your dataset.
If you have any category call variables you know in strings or categorical variables where you have
to perform one HUD encoding.
Well don't forget to use your DRP pricing tool kit to process the right way your data set and then you
can just deploy all your classification code templates here and that my friend is exactly what I'm about
to show you right now.
So now the demo is gonna start I ready.
Three two one go.
All right I'm gonna do this as efficiently as I can in order to show the power of code templates.
So first step the first step is to upload the data set inside the notebook.
Right now it is connecting to a runtime to enable file browsing.
Actually I'm gonna do this for each of the models here because you know it always takes a few seconds.
So let's do it this way to be efficient.
All right so I'm just you know loading all the files here.
All right.
Perfect.
And everything you know every file is now connecting to a runtime.
Now be careful if you don't see the sample data here you have to refresh.
Otherwise you will have issues uploading your dataset.
Good.
Now it's good.
So the next step we upload the data set.
All right.
So this is the model selection further and more precisely the classification folder.
But let me show you the path again.
I put this machine learning moral selection folder into my desktop.
But make sure to find it on your machine wherever it is.
If you have not downloaded that already make sure to download it right before this tutorial in the article.
You will find a link at the bottom of the Oracle then together we're going to go inside then inside
classification and there we go.
We select data that's easy.
Then we click open and we press okay.
And then what we simply need to do inside is could template is just to put here the name of the dataset.
So you just double click this then enter data that says we all know the name of your future dataset.
All right.
And that's it.
That's all we have to do in each code templates.
Only one thing to change so that we can really call it a curve template.
Great.
Now we're going to do the same in each other implementation.
So now K nearest neighbours let's refresh this because we need to see this.
There we go.
Then upload then data that's easy then open.
All right.
Perfect.
Okay.
And then we replace him the name by data.
That's just perfect.
The next one support vector machine refresh upload then data that that's we then open and perfect.
We have the data set.
Now we replace this by data that CSC and all good SVM is ready.
Now Colonel as VM refresh upload data that says we open OK.
Replacing this by data that's easy or the name of your future dataset.
And there we go.
Colonel SVM is ready.
All right then Navy Base refresh upload data that says we open OK.
And then replacing this by data that's easy.
I hope you appreciate how this is a very efficient process.
Knife base is ready.
So now let's move on to decision tree classification.
And there you go.
So that happens when you have too many sessions opened on Google collab.
I left it on purpose because I'm sure you will also encounter this situation and what to do in this
situation well no worries at all.
That's very simple.
Since Google killer app actually allows only maximum five sessions to run at the same time.
Well what we'll just do here is that for decision for gratification in a random forest because here
that's the same.
Well we'll just close them for now.
All right.
And we'll reopen them after we get the best accuracy from these five models.
OK.
We'll get the best from these five.
Then we'll run the last two ones.
This isn't reclassification and run for its classification.
And we'll see which one wins which one is the big winner.
All right.
So now all are implementations already.
So of course the next natural step now is to run all these sales to get all the accuracies of these
five miles.
All right.
So let's start with logistic regression.
Are you ready.
Let's click run time and then run.
Oh and all the sales will be running and we shouldn't get any error.
Indeed.
And we get.
Wow.
We start with a very good accuracy because we get an accuracy close to 95 percent for logistic regression.
All right.
And indeed we only have four plus five of course nine errors nine incorrect predictions.
Well pretty good.
So let's see what we get with the next ones you know and it's really reassuring that we get these high
accuracy because we are doing predictions for breast cancer.
So we really want to you know be accurate on predicting if patients have a benign or malignant tumor.
OK.
So let's hope that we can do even better than this.
All right.
I'm going to scroll back up or no actually I'm gonna leave that here in case we forget to appoint 94
7.
Now let's move on to K nearest neighbors.
Let's click runtime here then run all.
And there we go.
My friends we're about to get the next accuracy which is exactly the same one I just checked that you
know I put the right model here.
But we have exactly the same one actually which you know can totally happen because you just have to
make nine incorrect predictions.
You know two classification models can make the same number of incorrect predictions and therefore you
will end up with the exact same accuracy.
So that's very interesting actually.
This is the first time I observed this.
All right.
So well let's still hope we can beat this with our next classification models.
So now with support vector machine we're going to click runtime and we're going to click Run all to
see that next accuracy we're getting and.
All right interesting this time we get a lower accuracy but still a very very good one and you know
that makes me very excited to see what Colonel SVM is going to do you know with a nonlinear kernel because
indeed here we get 10 incorrect predictions as opposed to nine incorrect positions before with logistic
regression and Kenya's neighbours.
But here with SVM it's still very very good.
We get 94 percent accuracy.
All right and now let's try Colonel SVM.
I look forward to seeing what we're going to get.
So let's click runtime and let's click Run all and the accuracy is yes we beat it 95 percent ninety
five point three percent.
That's excellent and that was actually expected.
Colonel SVM you know is really really good.
You will get good results with this because you know we get flexibility on the curve to catch the correct
predictions.
All right so very very good.
But we still have three other classification models.
Let's see what we're going to get with them starting with native base.
All right.
So let's click runtime and then run out and the next accuracy is OK.
So like SVM 10 incorrect predictions resulting in an accuracy of 94 percent.
All right.
That's OK.
And now well we still have two more chances.
One with decision tree classification and the other one with random forest classification.
So now what we're gonna do is we're gonna click runtime here then manage sessions then we're gonna terminate
all these sessions here because you know we're only allowed to run maximum five sessions at the same
time.
So I terminated all of them.
You can close it now and we still keep the accuracy so that's totally fine right.
We keep the accuracy everywhere here so we can truly compare with our last two.
So let's do this.
Let's open first you know random forest classification because you know it gives them in that order.
Well actually that doesn't really matter here.
But anyway let's open decision tree classification now.
All right.
And here we go.
We have our last two models.
I can't wait to try them because I can't wait to see who is going to be the big winner and if we can
beat even more that best accuracy of ninety five point three percent.
All right.
So next step is not to click runtime here because remember we haven't uploaded yet the data set into
the notebook so no refresh here.
All good upload then data that's easy open.
Then let's do quickly the same for random forest classification.
But first let's not forget to replace this by data that says we are good.
Now random forest classification little folder here connecting to runtime to enable file browsing.
Okay so we'll just have to wait a few seconds here.
There we go.
No need to reflect then upload then data it's easy open then.
Okay.
And then let's replace this by data that CSC.
All right.
Now our friends we're about to reveal the final podium.
You know the three best models with the three highest accuracy is.
So let's do this.
Starting with decision tree classification.
So let's click runtime here.
Run.
All.
And now there we go.
Wow.
That's incredible we actually beat the accuracy.
I didn't I really didn't expect this usually decision tree classification is not the winner.
But here we have a beautiful exception to the rule.
Indeed we get a beautiful accuracy of almost 96 percent ninety five point nine.
It beats by very little.
You know the accuracy of the kernel SVM the kernel as GM did eight incorrect predictions five plus three
and the decision tree classification did four plus three seven incorrect predictions resulting in having
an accuracy almost equal to 96 percent.
Well that's really really good.
You know this is the first time actually that I'm doing this you know trying this breast cancer dataset
with you with all these models.
I tried it once was a logistic regression in another course but this is the first time that I implement
all these models and deploy them to do a model selection process on this dataset.
So you know that shows you how I'm confident about these code templates.
I never tried them before.
On this day you said and I'm making this demo with you for the first time on this dataset.
All right.
Therefore the excitement and now final one I'm very curious to see if I can still beat it with a random
forest classification so let us do this run all and final accuracy is war.
Oh all right.
Okay.
So very disappointing the random forest classification indeed really messed up with the teamwork.
And that's another exception to the rule because you know usually teamwork is better than individual
work.
But no we had a very powerful decision tree classification well before and it didn't need anybody else
to be performance.
All right so that's very interesting actually.
This is very surprising results but that's why it's really really important to try all your models and
have these very efficient code templates that allow you to do a quick and efficient moral selection
process to quickly figure out the best model.
All right.
You have to understand that there is no rule of thumbs.
And for some other data sets with other machinery problems the best model will be another one of these
five models.
All right so it was really important for me to show you this and to give you this.
OK.
So now there we go my friends we are at the end of Part Three classification big congratulations to
you for well completing this part three and making such a good progress on this course.
Now in the next part we will start clustering which will be our first unsupervised model.
I remind that the difference between supervised and unsupervised is that with supervised learning you
know what to predict.
You know which deep and to predict and with unsupervised learning you don't know what to predict and
you will actually have to find some patterns in the data to figure out something you could predict as
independent viable but that you don't have a primary and that you create epistolary.
All right.
So Nora is we will see all this in the next part.
And until then I think you deserve a good break now.
So get some good rest relax a bit and as soon as you're back to back with some great energy well join
us in the next part to tackle clustering.
And until then enjoy machine learning.